With a poor man like you who is full of goods
I also wear such high-end goods.
I'm afraid even a button is too expensive.
You'd better go to the wholesale market opposite to take a look.
Why do you look down on people?
Help me pack this one up.
Sorry lady
Our store only accepts VIP customers.
Please go out, who am I?
Isn't this poor and noble cake?
Huh?
When did you start following fashion?
After being dumped by me, did you start to think about the pain?
Hahaha, save it.
You were lucky at Van Dassen's engagement
Hmph, you are a part-time worker.
Also go to luxury stores to buy clothes
Haha, your brain is burned out, right?
Don't touch your feet
How about I introduce you to some old black people?
You spend a few nights with him
I'll give you two.
No, how about ten more?
Hahahaha, no wonder the golden hoop is over.
Hahaha, this virtue is disgusting enough.
Do you know what this is?
VIP, hahahaha, do you know what this is?
Just take out a broken card and try to get away with it
This is the Supreme VIP.